Terms and Conditions

Last updated: July 31, 2018

Welcome to the GroupUp. We hope you enjoy using the application to explore the world.

Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the mobile applicationpp as they contain important information that you should be aware of. Your access to and use of the application is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the application. By accessing or using the application you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the application.


1. Accounts

1.1 Register An Account
    By registering an account to use the application, you agree to abide by this Agreement and the Terms of Service. To access the information within the application, you must register for an account. Upon registration, you are a user of the application. Anyone who is using the application to, not limited to, create or attend group events, or visit the information, are all referred to in these Terms collectively as "Users", "you" or "your". When these Terms use the term "GroupUp", "we", "us" or "our", that refers to GroupUp. We reserve the right to decline a registration or seize an account for any lawful reason.

1.2 Account Permissions
    You agree not to request or allow anyone other than yourself to create an account on behalf of you, for your use, or for your benefit. By giving permissions to anyone other than yourself, you are responsible for the user's actions, including creating a group event or accepting a group event on your behalf.

1.3 Username, Password and Email
    When you register for an Account, you will be asked to enter a username, an email and password for the Account. You are entirely responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of the credentials and agree not to share with any person who is not authorized to use your Account. You authorize GroupUp to assume that any person using the application with your account, either is you or is authorized to act for you. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree not to use the Account or log in with the username and password of another User if you are not authorized.

1.4 User Restriction
    You must be at least 18 years of age, or the legal age of majority where you reside, to use the application. If you are not qualified for the age to use the application, please do not register or provide us with any information about yourself.

    You agree to provide true, accurate, up-to-date information about yourself and the group events you create.

2. GroupUp Service

2.1 What We Do
    GroupUp provides a platform for anyone who uses the application to meet new friends who have similar interest and do what they are interested about all together. User can create group events or join group events created by other users. You acknowledge, agree, and understand that GroupUp is not a party to the relationship to any users who use the application. If users decide to join a group event, it forms a contract between the users and GroupUp is not a party to the contract. Users are solely responsible for (a) publishing accurate information, (b) evaluating and determining the suitability of any group events, (c) ensuring the accuracy and legality of any group events, (d) communicating with other event users, including the host.

2.2 User Content
    Through the platform, GroupUp allows the user to post or publish content, such as group event information, photos and comments. Users are solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of publishing it. GroupUp reserves the right but is not obligated to monitor user content through the application. GroupUp has the right to remove, edit or delete any user content and/or terminate any user's access to the application for any reason. GroupUp is not responsible for any user content and the consequences of any group events.

2.3 Third-party Service
    GroupUp may contain third-party services that are not owned or controlled by GroupUp. GroupUp has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that GroupUp shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

2.4 Termination
    GroupUp may terminate your right to use the application at any time (a) if you violate or breach these terms, (b) if you misuse or abuse the application, or use the application in a way not intended or permitted by GroupUp, (c) if granting you the permission to use the application would violate any applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations or would expose GroupUp to legal liability. You agree that GroupUp will not be liable to you or any third-party as a result of its termination of your right to access or use the application.

    You may terminate your access to the application by deleting your account. In such a case, please email a termination request to bigxyzendeavour@gmail.com.

3. Disclaimer of Warranties and Assumption of Risk
    You agree not to rely on the application and any information on the application. The application is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. GroupUp expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, title, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose.

    You understand and agree that some group events may not meet your expectations and may contain potential risk, and by participating in those events, you choose to assume those risks voluntarily. Users are solely responsible for any consequences, including but not limited to, illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, by choosing to participate in the events.

4. Limitation of Liability
    GroupUp is not liable, and you agree not to hold us responsible, for you or any third party, for (a) any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages or losses, including, but not limited to: loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, opportunity costs, intangible losses; or (b) any of your content

5. Changes
    GroupUp reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 10 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
